everyone is trashed support is so easy
dude
there we go well it's the first day of
the first week of the NA LCS and the
summer split I'm joined right now by
aphromoo and doublelift talk a little
bit about stuff with coverage presided
by Omni / and I sorry I should did you
just try to rub his nipple with it let's
just do it over like you just rubbed his
name - touches nipples with my hot
cheeto as my hot cheeto that's a that's
a direct quote from the vice president
of the aniline na LCS Players
Association by the way we talked about
that just a second but first off let's
talk about that game so you guys went
with the unconventional botlane they
went with the more conventional botlane
and there's one out do you feel like
it's miss like all right do you think
that all this this new meta stuff in the
bot lane is it just whatever just play
standard or what's going on there no
Cody son died at level 1 that's it you
died you died shortly thereafter though
right i had TP and he had ghost that's
it did you guys know the game was over
at that point yeah see me or him well
win you like that whenever Cody son died
that it just like made botlane done old
ones pretty bad but I mean the game's
over yeah you got to bring Leona out
yeah that's pretty cool
are you you're a big fan right it wasn't
cool in the galley oh I press my E and
then this is me in teamfights
and then I'm dead Wow let me tell you
that I froze really underselling it
Leona is such a throwback let me bring
you back to 2012 when afro was filled
Leona in soloqueue he had a Ezreal ad
carry and he was against Corki Tarek and
LA and now I'm just like I'm done I
can't even tell the rest it's too bad
I'm starting to get tears from the story
or from the flaming hot cheetos it's
from the story that was very good
well do you guys have anything else to
add to the game like I'm just trying to
get context on the game how you felt it
went white 100 thieves last by team like
could one shit what can I say this just
really brings me back to afros earlier
point which was off-camera but he was
talking about how would you explain hot
cheetos flavor to someone who's never
had it before I'm gonna ask the viewers
to leave a comment describe like how
would you describe it I said salty and
shit like chili like salty chili that I
swear he just made that up
oh my god you made me exhale so how
would you taste my spit stop licking
your fingers dude I'm sorry okay I'm
done I'm done I'm done this is a
disaster more than one way all right I
just you guys have to cast later yeah we
know how you feel you have to cast later
I don't know how you're gonna cast if
you can't hear about the meta on an
interview it's so boring to talk about
well then let's talk about the NA LCS
Players Association you do you did not
cast a vote that got him to be vice
president no what are some of the first
things you're gonna be doing as vice
president with a Players Association you
know that's a great question Travis and
I can't really just close that to you or
the public right now but we're working
on some great stuff how did you did you
sign did you nominate yourself for that
position I nominated Vincent to troll
him as the secretary treasurer and then
I was surprised he accepted then he
nominated me and I accepted why did you
accept well because he accepted so I
couldn't say no it's like he challenged
me
Killick took my bait then I had to
accept because then I would look like a
pussy if I didn't what are some of the
roles that are like requirements
qualifications what whatever you you
will be doing as the vice president
Travis
[Music]
Zack Oh support is so easy
yeah well that's also a throwback I said
the wrong thing everyone is trashed
that's much better
hmm great question Travis that's a great
question so there you have an answer for
it fantastic question I just answered
okay so he's your spokesperson well I
speak on behalf of all players and I
think all players should be able to
speak on behalf of me it's a great line
oh I'm gonna do nine more interviews to
ski this weekend I will ask them to
speak on behalf of you in those
interviews please do are you worried at
all about the Players Association given
the representation at first you know I
thought was a bunch of clowns up there
but after talking to them it's actually
gonna be really great okay
darshan is president yes I gotta agree
with that one I got very bright out here
all of a sudden so oh there we go I
fixed it um all right so we're not gonna
talk about the game because apparently
you guys don't want to white white a
team that could win it right at 100
these loose well they had a bunch of
gold and then a bunch of kills date you
guys we're having gold for most that
game oh yeah yeah then a couple fights
went south for a hundred themes
they got good pics yeah I think they're
compound more synergy to TL one last
split are they going to be number one
throughout muscle this split oh I think
we were fourth fourth lose the meme
right
the maymay I think yeah we were fourth
you got first at the in the playoffs
hell yeah oh my god Zachary I think
we're going to end I want to say it top
three I think like regular seasons
really hard cuz it just must have one
since like especially now you like lose
one game against this like let's say you
like lose one gaming it's like a team
that you should have beat cuz they they
had like a great strategy where you just
played an off game then then the rest of
your what's called your essary schedule
you're playing at stronger teams and it
just becomes like just having one game
where you get upset matters so much I
remember like some like clutch gaming
like they never beat a team that was
better than them but they always like
they always consistently beat the teams
like before below them and it's like
then ended up being led like top six pop
oh really wow Jesus like this is just
crazy so consistency matters a lot and
and if you're like experimenting and
stuff and you're like oh we don't know
if this is good but were just gonna try
it on stage then it's probably good for
your team in the long run but it sucks
in the short run like I'm sure hundred
thieves could just played like an ad
carry and then just like some really
standard stuff but that's not gonna help
anyone get better for the next week
well you did though we didn't really
play anything experimental I would say
but I don't know like we sunk we sunk
some practice into the the pics that we
had and I don't know I think yeah we
were hoping it's under the-- so he tried
hard we did to try hard strat but next
game I'll play harmony you good can't
wait for that can't wait for that
afro is the is this a good environment
right now because I feel like probably
likes to do weird shit and
have the team do weird stuff so I don't
know if the lameta right now is nice for
you guys because you can do weird stuff
I think the men are just an accumulation
of like all the teams practicing as each
other so everyone's literally playing
the most random shit and then sometimes
it works sometimes it doesn't so I don't
think anyone knows what's good so you
have to go try at least scrims right now
just really weird I wouldn't say they're
weird it's just weird in the sense of
new champions that you never see in
certain lanes ever so like you LCS
fucking luck spike I'm like alright it
looks good
Dericks can you won't like Heimerdinger
on GT oh my oh okay
Peter was tweeting that he was really
excited about that changed us to bot
lane because he felt like it had been
kind of stagnant for a while how do you
feel about all that I think it's pretty
funny most of the players I think
veterans only like the new changes
because they have more experience over
the course of League of Legends and know
which how each champion works since they
played it before and then the newer
players hate that shit because they're
only playing like their role and a
couple champs so I don't think they see
the benefits of like these new champions
being able to be played I just want to
say that at first I was really excited
because it's like cool to see a smile
and stuff and then after I played for a
few days I realized that like some
champions just aren't viable anymore bot
lane and that felt really bad to me
because like there was a golden era of
bot lane I think in spring split where
like everything was split you could play
utility carries and Ezreal and you can
play hyper carries like I really common
matchup would be like Tristana against
varus or something or like Tristana gets
Ezreal and like you didn't really see
that before then it was either hyper
carries it was only early game or
whatever but now like I like that
there's some creativity but some things
in the game just don't feel very good or
fun to play and as for bot lane it's
essence reaver and infinity-edge just
don't feel good as items to buy even if
essence reaver is really sick on lucian
or whatever or Renekton it's like these
those items just feel bad and I don't
really know how to like give any other
feedback other than that it's just not
fun I guess and sometimes
like I roll gets the shaft but it just
feels really weird that mid laners are
playing Taric now and giving all the
farm to the jungler edges I don't know
there's just like so many small things
that I'd kind of like I wonder what
fakers CS differential at ten is now he
played Tarek he was down like 100 CS
alright last question for you guys
the you're both two veterans of the LCS
long-standing veterans in the bot lane
there's a third super long-standing
veteran in the bot Lane who's never
missed a game of LCS until today I'm a
sneaky well is it like for you guys
knowing that he's not gonna be around
this week and put who knows how many
weeks into the future I have no comment
I mean c9 Kochi staff thought it was
best to put in Keith McGrath I think
he's pretty good I played against Keith
before he's alright but he's just been
around longer but if they think that's
the formula to win I mean hey go for it
I think you've memed about sneaky before
or coming back from an international
tournament and having to play against
sneaky so what what's your take
sneaky is one of the best around that
sounded like a song but he actually is
one of the best like I think it's it
feels crazy to me I never felt like seen
I never lost it's like aw man sneaky
just sucks like that almost never
happened or probably like never happened
last like two years so feels really
weird I mean sneaky cuz he's really
popular and like we kind of have like a
head-to-head where it's exciting to
watch us play against each other but I
actually I respect him as a player he's
really good we're good anything either
of you want to say to any of the fans
out there
everyone is trashed support is so easy
dude there we go
just a throwback to 2013 you check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I have some unfortunate news for you
guys
things are getting much more financially
tough for me omni / of course does
everything they can they support me it's
amazing but
I think you guys might have heard that
last split it was about 20 grand for a
double lift interview we're now at 35 I
don't know how it weighed up so much in
such a short time but I'm now spending
literally thirty five thousand dollars
every time I interview Peter and by the
way he charges another thousand for
every time he ends up in my social so if
you guys want to help me out that'd be
super cool just subscribe to the channel
like the videos there's other links in
the description you can check those out
thanks so much to a massage for the
support